### Impressoin with CSC148 topics
Although I have some impression with object oriented programming in the past, I have not had the chance to be introduced to OOP formally. Inheritance, abstraction, recursion, and so on are fundamental ideas in computer science and project design, which can be easily translated cross different programming languages and projects. It feels great to sit in a class, building a foundation that will last for quite a long time! The choice of Python as an introductory programming language is brilliant, as it is probably most relevant and convenient language for everyday applications.

### Goals in writing SLOG
It is not surprising that in today's digitalized age, writing seemed to be an archaic and irrelevant skill to hone. The notion can be especially deceiving to programmers. However, literacy of field and effective communication of ideas are important in every discipline. I could argue it is perhaps more so in computer science, where existing conventions, implementations, and archetypes are constantly evolving and adapting with the advent of better programs, frameworks, and algorithms. Smooth shifts from one to the next are very much facilitated by good writing. Additionally, effective communication ease the efforts to convey abstract ideas in a literal sense, which is something we all do as we program. It is therefore a worthwhile effort to keep a log of ideas when they are fresh, to confront a concept literally so that any misconception could be resolved along the way. 
