### Abstract Data Type

Abstract data type itself embodies the one of the core concept in computer science - abstraction. Abstraction is a process with which some general theme and relevant aspects of a practice are summarized. The importance of abstraction can be attributed largely to its ability breakdown a complex problem into layers of manageable complexity, which mandates program modularity and encourages code-reuse. This is perhaps the biggest advantage of establishing a abstract data type.

One key concept of an abstract data type is that it is intrinsically characterized by the operations that could be performed on it. A stack for example can be pushed and popped; while with linked list, one might wish to add an object without altering the address with which the data are originally stored. It is really the behavior of the abstract data type that defines the methods that it is expected to incorporate. Simply, one might expect an abstract data type to be an extension of built-in data structures, where in both cases the implementation are completely hidden and cannot be reached beyond the agreed-upon interface. The power of such idea lies on the fact that any abstract data type is user-defined. Advantages of abstraction mentioned above can be easily migrated to abstract data types as long as some rules/conventions are strictly followed. A contract is one such constraint. At the interface, clients are allowed certain essential operations, the format of which is completely unbeknownst to them.

Other extremely helpful properties of abstract data type are the interpretability and ease of understanding associated with implementing an abstract data type. As long as one understand the behavior of an abstract data type, utilizing them would be fairly intuitive and free up programmers from worrying about lower level implementations.
